Your learning ability decides your earning capacity.


Supercharge your memory:(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIPPw10wdXk)
1. Belief  ( I can improve my memory)
    Whatever the mind of a human being can conceive and believe, it can achieve
    if you believe it, can achieve it.
    Its all about the mindset.

2. Attention
    so many distraction...Mobile....
   Be present when you are learning or when you are remembering any new information
   Attention is actually a very important skill if you want to take your memory to the next level
   Unfortunately going for multitasking..
   Go for single task only.
   when it comes to learning, when it comes to remembering you need to have not just attention, I would say
   you need to have 100% attention. So here are some quick ideas that that I can give right now. Number one
   is whenever you are learning :
   1) set a time limit, 20 mins,30 mins, 40 mins...just do single task. set the timer ..continue your study till     the beep voice
   2)Choose a plcae where you are least likely to be disturbed.
   With this you will have an extraordinary quality of learning.

3)Association (Associate with real life examples)

4)Review  (For one hour session, spend 4-5 mins time in making sure you go for a qualtity review.)
      if you want to remember for long days, review is very imp

5)Practice
      If you want to be a good public speaker, what do you do?
      => You practice more, right? You speak more.
     If you want to be a good writer.....you write more
     If you want to be good at swimming...you swim more 
     If you want to be good at remembering, what do you do?
    => you remember more  You need to give your remembering faculty of your brain lot of practice
          Practice by doing single tasking.


For true mastery, you need to focus more on the OUTPUT rather than the INPUT.
USE it or LOSE it

When you want to learn, don't do multitasking (don't have mobile and food)
breaking you quality in input
quality of input determines quality of retention, how long you can remember

single task for learning

LEARN -------------------   INPUT
REFLECT - what's takeaway from the learning------OUTPUT
IMPLEMENT - ------OUTPUT
SHARE - best way to learn something is to teach it------OUTPUT






