signs you are still not a mature person

1) You are reactive
  oh! another difficult situation

even the weather is not good today, such a bad day it is !!

=>
It doesn't matter to me
I can't influence the weather so why worry about it so much.

2) Obsession with looks
 spend much amount and time on appearance

3)They are defensive
Let it go & be more responsible.

4) They play the victim card
My boss is unfair
Oh poor me
Complaining wife
Horrible parents
They only care about themselves

=>
They have got so many problems, let's resolve them


5) Ironically, the most immature people think that they are really mature

6) They're very good at judging others but almost incapable of seeing faults in themselves.

Mature people mind :
=> Accepting

=> They don't see things as black and white or right and wrong.
=> Their mind is open. To many ideas and perceptions.
=> They do not judge those who might think differently.
=> They understand that they can be wrong at times.

Immature people deal with conflict or disagreement through agressive means.
Reactive
Aggressive
Struggle in handling rejections
=>
Responsive - Responsible behaviour
Understand the situation - Analyze - Respond
Self control
Respond in a strategic and well thought out manner

Immature people are defensive. Always justifying themselves.

Mature people
=>
Secure and Confident
Unshaken by Flattery or Criticism
Do not take things personally
Try to understand the truth behind each criticism
Bring up their difference of opinion in the end


Adaptibility
=> Flexible with changing circumstances
They accept unpredictability as a part and parcel of life.

Immature people:
Do not accept challenges in Life.
Become victims of Stress and Depression
Give up easily.

Patience:
Immature people :
Poor impulse control
Emotional outburst
They react first and then think

Mature people :
They think first and then act
Immense patience - They understand that sometimes the things you want in life have to be worked for and waited for at times.

Responsibility :
will take full responsibility for his actions.
They will be sensitive and considerate towards others.
They are able to understand and manage their own emotions.
They are responsible for their happiness and their lives and they themselves define their success.

"Maturity is not when we start speaking big things;
 it is when we start understanding small things."  :)


